[Music]
all right it's time to go back to hong
kong
some criminal name kai is having an
affair with his boss's wife
he goes on to run to south africa for 10
years where of course
he sexually assaults a tribal woman
infected with ebola
starring anthony wong from the untold
story both that movie and this one share
the same director herman yao
before we get into the video we do have
a word from the war vpn
it's a very cool thing being able to
search the web
stream your favorites and watch your
favorite videos but just simply being
connected
your privacy is at stake that is why
nordvpn is
just what you need to keep your
information private
and save you money being connected to
public wi-fi
it's not safe anybody could snoop on you
and trick you without you knowing and
it's not much better being connected to
your home wifi
your isp can see everything you search
and even throttle your internet
even though you pay so much money a
month just one click can connect you to
one of thousands of fast servers in over
60 countries
private or public nord uses military
grade encryption on your connection
and creates a new ip address so that
nobody
including your isp will know what you're
searching
and let's just say you want to watch a
movie on netflix
but it's only on the south korean
version of netflix
well all you gotta do is connect to the
south korean server
and you can watch that movie no problem
no
geo restrictions whether it's your
gaming computer
cell phone tablet nor can be installed
on six
different devices it's black friday you
know nordvpn is gonna hook you up just
right
you can power up your internet today
with the help of nordvpn
and definitely take advantage of this
limited time
black friday deal if you go to
nordvpn.com
spooky rice or use the code spooky rice
you get 68 off of a two-year plan
plus four additional months free and you
have a risk-free
30-day money-back guarantee on it let me
say that again
if you go to nordvpn.com
s-p-o-o-k-y-r-i-c-e
you get 68 off of a two-year plan
plus four additional months free let's
thank nora vpn for sponsoring today's
video
so let's just see how putrid this can
get if you want to see what happens
including all the messed up parts stay
tuned for the breakdown q to gohan
now i don't know why she chose kai of
all people but she did
she's the boss's wife and kai is just
cure you father that means he could
easily be beaten up probably
her husband comes in and she immediately
backtracks saying she doesn't even care
if they kill
kai they even make him sorry they make
her
pee on him to humiliate him further look
at just look at her peeing on him
they made the mistake of telling him to
castrate himself
and kai he kicks the beer in the gang
leader's face
stabbing one of the goons in the dick
and shanking the boss
he then crushes a table over the gang
leader's neck
right in front of his daughter she's
watching her dad and his gang get messed
up
i see this damn face every time i search
this movie i assumed it would be later
than this scene though
the wife who doesn't know what size
she's on is never going to know what
things taste like again
he cuts her tongue out for betraying him
and not licking his
wee-wee good enough then he realizes
they have a daughter he smells her like
a shark or something a baby shark
another little girl death huh i wasn't
expecting that so soon
he drags her out puts ten dollars on
pump three
and tells her it won't hurt much at the
nick of time
some geek comes in and scares kai off
now lily here is left with trauma and
kai
is on the run turns out the perverse
sicko lands in south africa and has been
there for
10 years he's a cook of a chinese
restaurant
and he has no game and the ladies all
hate him
this lady in particular is the
restaurant owner's wife
and kai is jealous that his wee-wee
isn't as big as the restaurant owners
this pretty flight attendant is lily the
girl from years before
she's pretty awkward as speaking english
though
apart from that kai his boss and the
boss's girlfriend all seem to be
pretty darn racist mostly everyone is
so expect scenes where kai or anyone are
just spamming
in words and sea words in the subtitles
guess who visits the restaurant some
visitors from hong kong
eat at the restaurant but lily here
she's there and she grows sick
from even being around kai she vomits in
the toilet
and we realized for sure that she is the
little girl from years before
later there's another scene in which kai
is left with blue balls
because a white prostitute doesn't want
anything to do with him because he's
chinese
he decides to jerk off in the bathroom
listening to his boss
have sex with his wife he uses a slice
of meat too
i'm sure you get the picture of course
he puts the meat
right back where he found it so while
he's busy trying to get rid of
nut lily is trying to get rid of the
nightmares that
kai has brought her after killing her
parents it seems like she kind of
regressed the memory until
kai brought it back the next day kai
and the boss are on their way to buy uh
meat from a zulu tribe
but a damn cheetah smells meat of his
own
is that really real like did he really
have a cheetah right next to them
herman went more hardcore than the
director of cannibal fare rocks
they escape and meet up with the tribe
and you get that same
surrounded feeling you get watching
cannibal holocaust
but the people in this settlement are
sick
people literally have balls all over
their body and chicken blood isn't gonna
do much when you're dying from something
like that
here's the pigs that the two want to buy
but i don't know
these conditions don't look very good
well they buy one and get out of there
on the way back wait first look at all
these damn animals
some elephants block the road and they
sound pretty funny it's like they're
speaking chinese
kai gets into an argument with his boss
about crashing the car
and decides to leave him and that
whack-ass job behind
in the distance after walking a bit he
sees a tribal woman who is obviously
sick
she falls out don't know why kai cares
but
he runs towards her asking if she's okay
helping her out
he starts to get aroused from touching
her and then decides to rape the woman
in the midst of it though she starts
convulsing and throws up on his face
she's already dying but he murders her
with the rock
when she's squeezing a little too hard
down there
he runs back to his boss in that
wack-ass job
and basically submits to the pressure
after realizing he's been infected by
that woman
when he's back at work he's very sickly
and falls out in the middle of the
restaurant
turns out that this decrepit fool has a
fever from raping the sick woman the
boss goes to visit a doctor about the
infection
that is making kai sick and it gets very
relevant to today seeing him have to
put on a mask and all of that i was in
10th grade when everybody was tripping
about the ebola
virus in the united states but damn i
could have never imagined this
coronavirus thing
anyway for sure kai has ebola
and just his mere presence in the
restaurant is threatful
to everyone else in fact kai so happens
to be
one in millions of people to get a fever
but not die from the disease so he's
basically a carrier
in the same sense that some people also
spread the covet stuff
without suffering from it he wakes up
from his fever no more affected
but still he's a carrier and hears a
plot from the boss's wife about
killing him and dumping him in the woods
angry he chases her through the
restaurant
and almost rapes her but the boss comes
in and
fights back after a little bit he was
kind of [ __ ] about it
now it's a cautious fight through the
restaurant because he doesn't want to be
infected
and because of that kai gets the upper
hand and blinds four eyes so bad that he
destroys his own restaurant
kai destroys his head with a door kind
of like what kingpin did
in that daredevil season one episode
it's like you look at that episode of
daredevil
that's in the mcu and then you just go
out to theaters to watch
spider-man homecoming and you're like
are these in the same worlds like wow
that's so mature i'm sorry that was
weird rant but
that's always been on my mind with him
dead
kai bullies the widow in a scene that
will probably get this video age
restricted
nordvpn's not gonna like that but then
this dude sucks her eye out i think he
sucks her eye out where do you see that
i think he did something like that he
quickly kills her with a table to the
neck he loves breaking necks with tables
he sets both bodies up in the kitchen
with these untold story vibes
but then another employee comes to get
his check
the poor bachelor slips on blood and is
beaten to death
then he starts cutting limbs right off
literally deboning people this movie is
just like the untold story at this point
look at all the human burgers he made
what's worse
is that kai has infected both of them
before dying
so all of these hamburgers that he made
with their meat
are carrying ebola all these customers
are eating their hamburgers
like it's the hottest thing in the world
i'm sure they're not that
good come on out even if they didn't
have ebola this is still
[ __ ] up restaurant is closed the next
night
and kai is swimming in money hidden by
the boss
later lily and her boyfriend talk about
kai
and how she recognized him from 10 years
ago they go
back to the restaurant to see if she
really does recognize him
and again she almost vomits just from
standing next to him
okay so she doesn't recognize kai she
recognizes his
smell so when kai tells her that
kai left to another country when she's
asking about him
she knows that he is lying
they harry their ass out of there and
tell inspectors that
she has a feeling that kai is a murderer
a feeling we know how feelings go with
the police station
then suddenly we get a sickness montage
people all over johannesburg are just
literally
dropping out and having seizures look at
this mayhem it's disturbing on his own
in the time we are in
later kai is seen disguised looks like
he's leaving this dirty
murderous place behind meanwhile doctors
are literally dissecting people who died
from this ebola strain warn your eyes
here because they are cutting
directly into him they find out that his
organs literally turn into mush
and are liquefied and here they are
cutting his face
right open yeah that's pretty
pretty gnarly huh kai meanwhile goes
back to hong kong
when i was quick he gets into a
penthouse using his newfound fortune
and parties with some escorts but recall
kai is the carrier of that disgusting
ebola virus
so these two women are not even going to
be able to spend
none of that money one of them convulses
right in front of her friends during
game night and the other one infects a
hair stylist
just look at this man it's scary how the
smallest of cells can cause reactions
like this
these doctors are very ill looking at
these pictures
i don't even want to show one of them is
probably fake but
it makes rare look like dora almost
some detectives know that the victims in
hong kong were
escorts and that somebody paid
for those escorts time no matter what
kaya lose them
and in south africa the authorities
there trace the ebola virus to the
restaurant
and let's just say they know kai is the
main suspect
the south african and hong kong police
departments work together to find
kai the murderer and carrier of a very
nasty disease
meanwhile kai goes back to his old
apartment building place turns out he's
just there to reignite with an
old flame with nothing but his money and
it works because she really needs money
now the guy is like a father to her
daughter
as well but he's still a carrier of a
deadly disease that is
getting almost everybody sick kai would
basically be a
terrible nightmare in 2020 and the film
plays around with him almost getting
this little girl
sick he does sneeze all over a gang of
i don't know but they surprisingly
don't beat his ass but that's a story
for another day
even if he didn't have ebola he's very
disgusting
i hate this strain of coronavirus but
good lord i'm
so glad we don't have to deal with this
despair
imagine seeing people literally fall out
and not be in control of their movements
lily is back in hong kong now and has a
smell radar of
locating kai daredevil type [ __ ] he's a
wanted criminal that for some reason
lily chases herself
she bites his arm and luckily runs away
and she tells the detectives that kai
is right there right there but they are
probably the most incompetent detectives
of all time like come on
and also we can see here that she bit
him
that's not her blood so she's carrying
the ebola virus now
and that is quite literally the last
time we see lily
sooner or later kai is all over the news
and why
they know every single bad thing kais
did
and kai's girlfriend here pretends to be
on his side which
is pretty smart in that situation to
stay safe but when he's not looking
they lock his ass inside the room a lot
of people today
including these [ __ ] students really
need to be locked in a room
well he escapes outside of the kitchen
window as police with protected suits
come to save the day
but kai he's already nathan draking
outside
and grabs the little girl with the
hostage he has him at bay
and his nasty disease spit is all over
the place
the whole block is hot and the little
girl has to watch her mom
succumb to that virus she did kind of
have sex with kai
finally they shot his ass honestly i'm
really starting to get tired of him
like just shoot him kill him of course
i know they don't want to hit the little
girl but [ __ ] man he's just a living
virus now
whoa did he just break her look at her
look at her did he break her neck
the little girl is dead just like that
can y'all please just blow his head off
yes thank you oh that was a dart
he just drains the poison out with his
machete and infects another
idiot just like that that cop he
infected is ready to end it though
and burns his ass with some contraption
now kai is burning all over i guess you
don't really
think to stop and roll when you're in
intense pain
to add to it he is ran over with a car
and then is let
loose with a whole clip that's what i'm
talking about
kai is finally [ __ ] dead but still
the damage he has laid still exists and
now they gotta clean up
my college acted like they was gonna do
this [ __ ] once we moved in but that was
a bunch of [ __ ]
the movie ends with the little girl
giving her dog a taste of some food
only to bite it next that same dog just
ate some akai's meat that he cut off
carrying on the infection to this little
ass girl
the end well actually it ends with a
clip of kai
at the beginning saying some nonsense
but there we have it
ebola syndrome i won't lie i got kind of
bored in the second half
i was just waiting on the showdown at
that point now let's talk about the most
disturbed moment and most enjoy moment
and that's spooky stuff cue to gohan
[Music]
i find it hilarious how all the category
3 films i've seen
feel the same it's like there's a
category 3
cinematic universe or something extreme
scenes humor and probably little kids
dying don't expect this is the last time
you've seen
anthony wong the most disturbed moment
is honestly for me
the pictures of them people with ebola
this picture right there don't sit well
with me at all for some reason
other than that i was just chilling with
this movie so
i mean not a lot of amount of murder or
whatever really
went above my power level most enjoyed
moment is actually seeing
kai get ran over and murdered i was
honestly kind of tired of kai
at this point he was very crude racist
disgusting and annoying not to mention
he is a serial
killer with a deadly disease to spread
and wants to take everybody down with
him
and that's it i hope you guys enjoyed
this video
if you did make sure you click the like
button and subscribe if you want to stay
tuned for more disturbing movies
two other hong kong films i've also made
videos on is red to kill
my favorite and the untold story both
have a similar feel to this movie
and overall i'm sure you will enjoy
those videos
thanks for watching spooky out